bottle bottle bottle bottle
ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba Jimmy Kimmel Live
hi everyone its Jimmy coming to you from
Dharma station number three as we begin
our second week of isolation from the
outside world I hope you and your loved
ones are safe and being smart because
not everyone is the mayor of LA Eric
Garcetti had to close the boardwalk at
the beach because of these stupid people
who do not seem to understand how sick I
am of playing Candyland with my children
why is it that when there's no
quarantine we all stay at home staring
at our screens but now that we're on
lockdown people are like let's get out
and have a picnic on the other hand
we're also getting reports from our
viewers who say their older relatives
are finally starting to get the message
a woman I assumed because her name's
Tammy posted this on our YouTube channel
she wrote my 91 year old grandma told me
she wanted to go to the bank today I
said like hell you are I'm currently
unemployed for who knows how long and
using paper towels to wipe you're gonna
sit down and watch the Hallmark Channel
she did big win congratulations the
Hallmark Channel really is a good way to
entice seniors to stay put I actually
looked up their schedule for tomorrow
and here it is as a public service I'm
going to announce the exciting films on
the Hallmark Channel tomorrow ok and
noon there's stop the wedding
co-starring Alan Thicke at to Paris wine
and romance starring those two people at
4:00 p.m. my one and only 6:00 p.m.
Eastern durrrr apps starring Fiona
gubelman followed by royal matchmaker
and capped off with three solid hours of
Golden Girls so be like Tammy's Grammy
stay home and soak the Hallmark magic in
Donald Trump spent his weekend bragging
about the imagine success he's had
fighting what he still insists on
calling the Chinese virus even though
the result of that is an army of
imbeciles blaming people of Chinese
descent for the virus but have no fear
today Trump made it all okay he tweeted
it is very important that we totally
protect our asian-american community in
the United States and all around the
world they are amazing people and the
spreading of the virus
dot-dot-dot is not their fault in any
way shape or form they are working
closely with us to get rid of it we will
prevail that they are working closely
with us to get they they are us it's
right there in the name
asian-american it's the second word he
somehow manages to be racist while
telling other people not to be racist
meanwhile his vice Portal got a clean
bill of health Mike Pence has been
tested for the corona virus the tests
came back negative Pence described the
test as kind of invasive and not
comfortable which is also how he
described seeing gay people holding
hands but Mike Pence is okay thank
goodness whereas Kentucky Senator Rand
Paul is not Rand Paul tested a positive
yesterday and Senate Republicans are
said to be angry because they've been
having regular lunches with him while he
waited for his results on Sunday morning
he was also in the Senate gym working
out and swimming in the pool and there's
also concern that droplets of oil from
his perm may have spread to other
members of the Senate can you imagine
that you're waiting for test results you
go swimming in the Senate pool and by
the way he's a doctor not a good one
apparently but Rand Paul is a medical
doctor so now hopefully he's in
quarantine or maybe he's going around
every supermarket in Kentucky licking
all the shopping carts I don't know the
senator who did put himself in
quarantine is Mitt Romney and this is
what Donald Trump had to say about that
with the critical stimulus package vote
expect yes
I even in our darkest hours the
president still finds time to be a catty
little hey you know who else has
the coronavirus Harvey Weinstein he got
the virus in prison so anyway think
might be nice to hear some good news
Italy has been hit terribly hard by the
virus the Italians are trying to tell
the world how important it is to stop
the spread so that what's happening to
them doesn't happen to us but even in a
country where more than six thousand
people of parish five hundred a day for
the last four days some Italians are
still out about living their lives but
the difference between Italy in the
United States
besides the Olive Garden is that the
mayors of cities in Italy have no
problem going on camera and screaming at
their citizens there may only be a 3%
chance the coronavirus will kill you but
there's a hundred percent chance the
mayor of Palermo will reminds me of
every family meal I had as a child the
LA Unified School District touts today
that school will be closed at least
until May first which is fun for parents
but no place here in the United States
has been hit harder than New York
the New York Department of Health even
put out safety guidelines for sex this
is a real memo they put this out they
wrote have sex with people close to you
you are your safest sex partner
masturbation will not spread kovat 19
but please stop doing it on the subway
anyway especially if you wash your hands
and
sex toys for at least 20 seconds before
and after my god
with all these families cooped up how
many years of therapy
you think you'd need if you walked in on
your mom singing happy birthday while
she washed her vibrator a million I
don't know I've been very careful about
staying indoors and being safe but there
is a safe way to communicate in person
and that is from inside your car at a
distance since I have to round to go get
some milk anyway it's time to meet a
celebrity on the street all right here
we go I'm in my car I've got an iPad
taped to the window very high-tech I
feel like a lonely James Corden right
now here we go I'm good how many how
many feet away do you think we are from
each other I know I don't know I think I
could face plant twice over there so I'm
about 510 yeah I see how you doing how
you holding up
oh great yeah trying to get off the road
for like 10 years and this is it you're
off the road this is great do you don't
miss it at all no no it's doing the
shows I don't miss going to I just don't
miss lax I got chill you know there was
a screwed-up design and they just keep
doubling down on it now it's a
double-decker horseshoe and now they're
building a terminal behind it you know I
don't know well so you're looking at the
bright side of the coronavirus yeah yeah
this is a great dry run for something
really contagious like what really I
don't know whatever the next thing is
I'm somebody eat something that's your
name I had sex with somebody you know
that they shouldn't have sex with how do
we survive
be a mess up brother we survived the
AIDS epidemic okay that got transferred
by if we can survive that we can survive
this and it kind of seems like all those
viruses that really kill you they just
burn through go fast so everybody just
runs into the woods and you hang out for
like 20 minutes then you're fine this
has all been researched by the way how
about you got a little kid in the house
huh yes I don't how old is she
three three years old how's that going
let's go great yeah she likes it I'm
immature as hell it's not good for my
wife cuz now she has two kids at home
but I know we're having a great time are
you helping are you cleaning or you
could be monster you are I'm the
greatest Oh
I am because I'm such a the live with I
do all of this other stuff so I you know
I cook I clean vacuuming really yeah I
get stuff done what do you understand
the the plight of my wife being married
to me so I really go out of my way to do
all the little things to make up for the
big thing that is me you know I was
worrying about you and it had nothing to
do with coronavirus I was thinking about
you when when Brady signed with the
Buccaneers how'd you fall for that hell
you don't think it's happening that was
a big misdirection I mean I have a
conspiracy theory surprise surprise what
is it you know you know we started the
coronavirus mm-hmm the NFL interested
the XFL had him shook okay those two
passes to Ford passes behind the line of
scrimmage I went down there I wanted to
see it they didn't do it but I wanted to
see it
they made him scared they didn't wanna
have to combine again see the way the
XFL screwed up as they put teams in
cities where the NFL already has them so
they can't absorb them so they have to
kill him so you look at all the sports
Lee see ya NBA had to shut down NHL had
to shut down MLB's delayed I was gonna
go to the Masters that's the Gulf has
screwed up everything was fine Super
Bowl happens they all got their money
and then all of a sudden right seems
like they should be able to play golf
though no I mean if you and your caddy
can't GT was a misdirection sentiment
betta throw everybody off I don't have a
problem so what Tom Brady did is what
every old white guy does in
Massachusetts after a while you get sick
of the winter you go to Florida you no
pay any state taxes good for him good
listen to a little Jimmy Buffett end up
down in Sarasota you're handling you
seem to be more optimistic than you are
in general um Jimmy I am and I'm not how
you put this on me that you could you
still have to do your show you couldn't
be alone with your own thoughts for more
than six days before hey I've gotta get
out here do this for the people it has
nothing to do with my this for you I'm
not doing it for your fan we're all
doing this for you Jimmy I know you want
it I'll keep you out here for three
hours believe me I just I finally have
an excuse to get out of the house my
wife will thank you I got to come home
with some groceries or I'm gonna be in
trouble the grocery store I've just been
postmates I don't understand why would I
go to the grocery store and have 300
nitwits breathing and coughing on
everything that I'm gonna buy or just
roll the dice with one post maker it's a
good point but I will tell you I've
tried postmates sand door - like four
different times each time they don't
have a delivery driver to bring me
anything ridiculously exclusive oh no I
live right near here yeah I live near
this house with blue garage doors hey
big Dodgers fan do you now we've by the
way every defend the hand sanitizer guy
good go ahead dude yeah be the
expression dude I called it yes yeah
that guy is the king of dude I called it
in February January in February that guy
invested eighteen grand in hand
sanitizer you know he was talking all
his friends going you got to get in on
this man you got to get in on this is
like whatever take off your Tana hat
right and it comes in because you know
the 18,000 to one shot comes in and this
guy's gonna clean up and everybody all
over these rich people do this on Wall
Street every three years every three
years they flow it up and then ever
but he loses all their money and they
profit off all our misery you're right
and think about the risk he took because
if nothing happened and he was stuck
with 18 thousand bottles of Purell his
friends would have made fun of him for
the every day until he died and dreams
were over his entire garage was filled
yeah it's like he went out and bought
like 18 grand worth of beta he was
betting on beta and then if they went
VHS the thing he screwed up was he wore
that family man t-shirt so then he like
sort of apologized he should have stuck
to his guns yeah especially to the media
the media the way they've been scaring
the lot of people have you been watching
a lot of the news and getting scarce at
all I also think everybody's doing a
great job okay dude I run a podcast
network trying your forty comedians to
run in the same direction is practically
impossible the fact that they can get so
many people to actually be responsible
and do the right thing which is what you
should be doing I think it's great I
don't think this is a time to be looking
at whether somebody has a blue tie or a
red tie you got to get on the same page
I I look at Twitter a little bit I did
see that the death rate though not the
death rate though whatever the the
infection infection rate in Italy is
going down
somebody had a funny tweets ago so now
that now the media will focus on Spain
some of the stuff the media said it's
like they're not even Americans and
they're making all of this money off of
this cuz everyone's watching I'm gonna
get these crazy ratings and then that
trash and they hand sanitizer guy they
said one they had one they said a mother
and a child died of the corona virus and
then you click on it she was like 77 and
the son was like 52 they're both in poor
health drinking a jug of wine every day
they left that out so you clicking on
like oh my god what what and then you
know they get the advertising money bill
has the greatest podcast if you never
listened to it his he just sits there by
himself and it's funny when the genius
I've had no guests yeah not affected my
podcast whatsoever everybody else is
calling me into Skype I'm standing in
the street with Jimmy Kemp
like a bunny funny podcast moves on
seamlessly bill you have selected our
charity for tonight which is the LA Food
Bank yes and so we're gonna make a
donation to LA Food Bank it's trying to
bring some of my pant I was trying to
give away some of my panic food I went
to my butcher and there was nothing left
except a giant like like it was like
this big slab of corned beef and nothing
a roast beef and I was like well I don't
know what's gonna happen so I took them
both and now I don't know what to do
with them I can't I have enough meat for
like two years I was gonna try to throw
them in the back seat of your car yeah
well I brought you something - actually
I'm not touching that I got gloves I'm
gonna put a glove on here okay it's a
George Foreman grill orange glove I'm
not touching it I'm not giving you the
glove I'm wearing the glove this is my
my grilling love so it's clean here's
the gift I think you're gonna like it if
not somebody else will take it for
Cherie Stevenson that's right
that's it you know what I like what you
get you gotta pick that up through that
thing is worth gold that's like a little
hunk of gold good I like the example
you're setting and also I just wanna
meet you with all your celebrity friends
I know you go hot tubbing with Tom Hanks
all right well thanks Bill appreciate it
all right no worries are you gonna be
here for the rest of the week mystery
okay all right I'll come by when I get
lonely thing gets any worse up I'll be
your go-to guest thanks Bill that's
great bill burr listen to his podcast
he's leaving my toilet paper and that's
it I don't know I'm not sure if I'm on
camera but I'll be back tomorrow
that was fun good time